TerraLabs Research
Terraforming and space development is the future. TerraLabs is an extensive research network on Earth that is focused on delivering new technologies and patents for this new era. Instead of selling all their patents, they now start executing their own projects on Mars...

Prisar
Pristar is building sustainable Martian societies where residents and tourists can experience the untouched beauty of Mars. Their preservation approach makes them very popular, but also somewhat unreliable in the eyes of the Terraforming Committee.

Saturn System
Having acquired the mining rights on several of Saturn's moons, Saturn Systems gained plenty of experience over the years. As a supplier of rare metals, space ships, and fuel, the company has made itself indispensible to the outer planets. Saturn Systems is now ready to play a key role in the terraforming of Mars.

Cheung Shing Mars
Asian contractor Mars Wall took an early lead in the construction of colonies and industries on Mars, making them a power to be reckoned with.

Teractor
Influence enough to control entire nations, and an army of lawyers and businessmen, has taken Teractor all the way to the top. And now the sky is calling. The strongest corporation on Earth wants to dominate space too...

Poseidon
Controlling on of the first colonies has taught Poseidon how to preserve law and order. They are now contracted as law enforcement inmost  of the new colonies, giving them a valuable presence in the solar system.

Arklight
A new world needs a full ecosystem. Being part of a species preservation program, Arklight stands ready to introduce a variety of species to Mars.

Helion
Developers of ultra-light solar sails, Helion now turns to the terraforming of Mars and other worlds. It promises to be a rewarding business, as Helion has already made a working model of a soletta, focusing sunlight down to the frozen planet.

Ecoline
Having developed a fast-growing lichen suitable for early terraforming, this corporation's ambition is to lead the taming of the planets, despite its relatively small size.

PhoboLog
Aiming to be the leader in space solutions for the Mars era, PhoboLog acquried several national space programs. This allowed them access to much existing infrastructure and technology, and they are not going to lete that advantage be wasted

Robinson industries
Buying into diverse businesses, Robinson Industries is soon expected to influence all aspects of Maritan life.